Ming Yang, if you regret it at this time
I can still take you back to Tianzong
It's just a big deal to lose face
Elder Wu can say this to the opposite side
speak out
I'll see how you die later
The trials are divided into literary and martial exams
Then the literary examination will try to climb the ladder
This ladder
I'm afraid it's just Tianzong kid who is afraid when he sees it
After climbing this ladder
In the future, I am afraid that I will not even have the courage to cultivate
This ladder
The test is modification
The soul that accumulates over time
The stronger the soul
Climb higher
Low soul
Forcibly climbing the ladder may blow yourself up
I advise you to take a good look at yourself
Not yet a samurai
Die on this staircase
The soul that has been cultivated for thousands of years
Enough sunset?
You are a guest fairy
If the deity were a fairy
There is no suspense in this contempt
You rubbish
I'm afraid I don't even know what a soul is, right?
It's just a gas training 7.
Dare to say such a big word
You are an ant who practices Qi 7.
I'm afraid that even the soul has not been condensed yet
This level of power
The deity can easily reach the top
Since Xuanyin Songlimen
There are no more than 5 people in total
And they are all supreme elders of my Xuanyin Sect
You are an ant in the qi training period
If you can reach the top
I'll get under your crotch
It's a deal, but if you lose
You have to get under my crotch too
And I want you to be in front of the Xuanyin Sect
Kneel for three days and three nights
And I want you to apologize to the holy monk
Do you dare to agree?
Well don't promise
He clearly wants to humiliate you and me, Tianzong is good